stf 1408/use community operators (#470)
infrawatch/documentation: doc-Service-Telemetry-Framework/modules/proc_deploying-stf-to-the-openshift-environment.adoc

amq7-interconnect-operator.v1.10.10  Red Hat Integration - AMQ Interconnect   1.10.10   amq7-interconnect-operator.v1.10.4   Succeeded
----

> . If you plan to store metrics in Prometheus, you must enable the Prometheus Operator. To enable the Prometheus Operator, subscribe by using the community-operators CatalogSource:

Author: You'll notice some changes like there, where I'm trying to make consistent the wording and calling out specifically which CatalogSource the artifacts are being requested from.

> . If you plan to store metrics in Prometheus, you must enable the Prometheus Operator. To enable the Prometheus Operator, subscribe by using the community-operators CatalogSource:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.To store metrics in Prometheus, you must enable the Prometheus Operator by using the community-operators CatalogSource:
```

Author: I was looking at this and wondering if _must_ is the correct word here. Maybe a bit of a nit, but since we have an observability strategy of `none` which would stop STO from actually creating objects for Prometheus Operator, in theory the administrator could choose to scrape sg-cores directly.

Might not be worth changing this time around though.

+
[WARNING]
====

> Community Operators are Operators which have not been vetted or verified by Red Hat. Community Operators should be used with caution because their stability is unknown. Red Hat provides no support for community Operators.

Author: Rewording this to match exactly what shows up in the OCP Console UI when trying to install Operators from the community catalog. Figure if it's good enough for the OCP Console it's good enough for us. Also provides a link to what "supported" means wrt third-party tooling, so that should be a nice clarification.

> Community Operators are Operators which have not been vetted or verified by Red Hat. Community Operators should be used with caution because their stability is unknown. Red Hat provides no support for community Operators.

Reviewer: Is this the same error message as the UI?

The gist of this message from here https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.12/operators/understanding/olm-rh-catalogs.html#olm-about-catalogs_olm-rh-catalogs is good also:
 
Community Operators is software that is maintained by relevant representatives in the [redhat-openshift-ecosystem/community-operators-prod/operators](https://github.com/redhat-openshift-ecosystem/community-operators-prod/tree/main/operators) GitHub repository. There is no official support from Red Hat.

Author: Yea I just ended up taking the contents from the Console UI when installing an Operator from that catalogsource. I think either one is fine, but I figured consistency between what an admin might see from UI vs CLI might be a nice sync.

There is probably a spot where we should/could reference that page though. That's a good one to call out I think in an Additional Information section.

Author: I added https://github.com/infrawatch/documentation/pull/470/files#diff-92c2d83d3566f5c9aa7e31735f613832dd81363b1ce57a3b8633abfeeb1eca36R42 to address this comment.

https://access.redhat.com/third-party-software-support[Learn more about Red Hat’s third party software support policy]
====
+
[source,yaml,options="nowrap",role="white-space-pre"]
----
$ oc create -f - <<EOF
apiVersion: operators.coreos.com/v1alpha1
kind: Subscription
metadata:

>   name: prometheus-operator

Author: Revert changes to RHODS (won't be around, won't be supported) and get us back to community vs operatorhubio.

+
[source,bash,options="nowrap",role="white-space-pre"]
----
oc get csv --selector=operators.coreos.com/prometheus.service-telemetry

NAME                        DISPLAY               VERSION   REPLACES                    PHASE
prometheusoperator.0.56.3   Prometheus Operator   0.56.3    prometheusoperator.0.47.0   Succeeded
----

> . If you plan to store events in Elasticsearch, you must enable the Elastic Cloud on Kubernetes (ECK) Operator. To enable the ECK Operator, subscribe by using the certified-operators CatalogSource:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. To store events in Elasticsearch, you must enable the Elastic Cloud on Kubernetes (ECK) Operator by using the certified-operators CatalogSource:
```

+
[WARNING]
====

> Certified Operators are Operators from leading independent software vendors (ISVs). Red Hat partners with ISVs to package and ship. Red Hat provides no support for certified  Operators. Supported by the ISV.

Author: I took most of this wording from here: https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.12/operators/understanding/olm-rh-catalogs.html#olm-about-catalogs_olm-rh-catalogs

I didn't see any other real definition of what Certified Operators are. Basically it seems like ownership by the ISV for support while Red Hat will provide a review of the packaging to make sure things are consistent, along with shipping the component from RHCC vs quay.io/docker.io registries to help a bit with security compliance etc.

> Certified Operators are Operators from leading independent software vendors (ISVs). Red Hat partners with ISVs to package and ship. Red Hat provides no support for certified  Operators. Supported by the ISV.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Certified Operators are Operators from leading independent software vendors (ISVs). Red Hat partners with ISVs to package and ship, but not support, the certified  Operators. Supported is provided by the ISV.
```
